#summary Help for legacy users.

This page is here to help you when there have been conversions that affect legacy code. *Remember to always check the [ChangeLog change log] for a list of updates to each version!*

===Converting to 1.2 and later===
To convert to version 1.2 or later, I suggest that you 
  * search for the old names of classes and replace them with the new class names
  * replace `Synchronizer.initialze()` with `KitchenSync.initialize()`.
  * replace imports for `com.mimswright.sync.*` with `org.as3lib.kitchensync.*` and `org.as3lib.kitchensync.action.*` (you probably won't need access to the other packages)
  * replace imports for `com.mimswright.easing.*` with `org.as3lib.kitchensync.easing.*`

===Converting to 1.3 and later===
To convert to version 1.3 or later, I suggest that you 
  * Especially note the changes in syntax to the [KSTween] constructor. Now the start value is before the end value.

==Naming Changes==
[http://spreadsheets.google.com/pub?key=pIE-vTZCHHbSyu2Kwb_VWEQ&output=html&gid=0&single=true Click to see the changes to class names]

==Package Changes==
[http://spreadsheets.google.com/pub?key=pIE-vTZCHHbSyu2Kwb_VWEQ&output=html&gid=1&single=true Click here to see the new package structure]

  * org.as3lib.kitchensync - Contains the new KitchenSync class and the KitchenSyncDefaults. These are global classes that control the entire system.
  * org.as3lib.kitchensync.easing - Contains all the easing function classes.
  * org.as3lib.kitchensync.action - Contains all Actions
  * org.as3lib.kitchensync.action.tweenable - Contains classes that represent properties that can be tweened.
  * org.as3lib.kitchensync.core - Contains the internal workings of the system
  * org.as3lib.kitchensync.utils (util in 1.2) - Contains helper classes. 

==Other changes==
  * `Synchronizer.initialize()` has been replaced with `KitchenSync.initialize()`